# power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-RL-2users

A Python 3 implementation of the Power Allocation algorithms for UAV-NOMA System with 2 Users.

Brena Lima
COPELABS, Lusófona University

# Getting started
*Parameters description:* [...]
 - `N_mc` (integer) : Monte Carlo Samples.
 - `M_users` (integer) : number of users (in this case, two users).
 - `snr_dB` (array of integer, size(0:2:40)) : signal-to-noise ration in dB.
 - `path_loss_exp` (integer) : path loss exponent.
 - `P_los` (integer) : total power of LOS path & scattered paths.
 - `K` (integer) : Rician Factor.
 - `radius_uav` (float) : radius of the cell of UAV in meters .
 - `z_height` (float) : UAV height in meters.
 - `radius_user` (float) : radius of the cell of users in meters.
 - `distance`(array of float, size(M_users)) : distance between UAV and m-th user calculated for each Monte Carlo sample. 
 - `ch_coeff` (array of float, size(M_users)) : channel coefficients generated by Rician distribution. This can be generated randomly following 
     the above paper's propagation model using: `ch_coeff=(random.gauss(s,sigma)+ 1j*random.gauss(0,sigma))` .
 - `s` (float) : Non-Centrality Parameter (mean) of Rician distribution, obtained by `s=sqrt(K/(K+1)*P_los)`.
 - `sigma` (float) : Standard deviation of Rician distribution, obtained by `sigma = P_los/sqrt(2*(K+1))`.
 - `h_rm` (array of float, size(M_users)) : channel coefficients over distance effects.
 - `H_rm` (array of float, size(M_users)) : channel gain `(abs(h_rm)^2)` sorted in ascending order `(H_r1 < H_r2)`.
 
 
*Fuctions description:* 
*Algorithm description:* 