README.md, before:

## System Model of UAV-NOMA System with Two-users
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/limabrena/power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.org/github/limabrena/power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/limabrena/power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=H5W453JPYU)](https://codecov.io/gh/limabrena/power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users) 


A Python 3.9 implementation of the System Model of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle with Non-Orthogonal Multiple Access (UAV-NOMA) System and 2 ground users.

Students can study the modeling of a UAV-NOMA network and use it as a basis for implementing other technologies. This application can be used as a study tool to understand the  behavior of the achievable rate by two users and the influence of the allocation of power coefficients in a UAV-NOMA system. The communication model presented is a base of UAV-NOMA principles and can be expanded to several other scenarios, such as cooperative systems, full-duplex communication,  and others in order to improve system performance.
		
The user can modify parameters and analyze the system's behavior. Based on this, new methods can be proposed to solve UAV trajectory problems, power allocation, user pairing, energy harvesting for UAV maintenance, decoding order and others.

The package contains functions for calculating the position of the UAV and users, for calculating of the Signal Interference Noise Ratio (SINR) and for performance metrics, such as instantaneous achievable rate and outage probability.


---------------------------------
### Requirement

The implementation requires Python 3.6+ to run.
The following libraries are required:

 - `numpy` 
 - `matplotlib.pyplot`
 - `math`
 - `random`

-------------------------
### How can use this application? 


- Download:

    Cloning the repository via terminal:
	 
		$ git clone https://github.com/limabrena/power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users.git

		
    Download ZIP file directly in my git repository:
	 
	    https://github.com/limabrena/power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users/archive/main.zip
		

The user can simply run it from the downloaded folder, provided the necessary requirements are installed. This is the easiest way for the student to be able to study and modify the system model.

Or the user can install the package as follows:
- Installation:
	
	To install this implementation locally, open the project folder `power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users` in your terminal and run:

		$ pip install . --user
		
	If you modify the `uavnoma.py` in the module, the package must be reinstalled.
	
	 
- Usage: 
    
	To plot the figures via terminal, access the project folder `power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users` and run:
	
		$ python plot_figures.py
		
	or access the project folder from an IDE.
	
----------------
### Documentation

To generate source code documentation, in the folder `pauavnoma` run: 
	
	 pdoc --html --output-dir docs auavnoma.py
		
	 
On the other hand, the documentation can be viewed at:

[Documentation](https://limabrena.github.io/pauavnoma/docs/uavnoma.html)

[Code Coverage](https://limabrena.github.io/pauavnoma/htmlcov/index.html)
 
----------------

### Scenario Description


We consider a uplink UAV-aided NOMA network, as illustrated in figure below. 

![System model.](figures/UAV_system_model.png)

In this scenario, a UAV is deployed as an air base station that communicates with two-user $N_1$ and $N_2$.  
For each Monte Carlo sample, users are randomly distributed in a 2D region (x-axis and y-axis). 
While the UAV has a flight path randomly defined at points in a circle, in a 3D region (x-axis, y-axis and z-axis).
We consider that each node is equipped with a single antenna and both UAV and users operate in the half-duplex mode.
The system is inspired on cognitive radio (CR) concept to decode the user's messages.
Based on this, the user $N_1$ is viewed as the primary user and $N_2$ is viewed as secondary user.
In order to guarantee primary user's Quality-of-Service requirements, the UAV first decodes the $N_1$'s message.
Then, the UAV decodes the message from the secondary user $N_2$ without experiencing any performance degradation due to the primary user.

*Example:*

	 $N_1$ may be an Internet of Things (IoT) healthcare device which needs to send health status changes.

	 $N_2$ an IoT device sending personal tasks records, where the transmission is a delay tolerant.

Different levels of power coefficients must be allocated to each user's signal, so that users' QoS requirements are satisfied.


 
-------------------------------
## Performance analysis metrics
The outage probability and achievable rate are used as performance metrics. 

- `Outage Probability:` the outage probability is estimated as the ratio between the number of outage events and 
   the total number of Monte Carlo repetitions. An outage event happens when the supported user data rates for a particular 
   instantaneous channel realization is less than the target data rate. 
   
- `Achievable Rate:` the achievable rate consists of the throughput of network users, while average achievable rate 
   consists of the average throughput of all network users.
   
-------------------------
### Algorithm description


Adaptive power allocation algorithm was not implemented in the present version.

Commit message:

Update main code and readme

README.md, after:

## System Model of UAV-NOMA System with Two-users
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/limabrena/power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users.svg?branch=main)](https://travis-ci.org/github/limabrena/power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/limabrena/power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=H5W453JPYU)](https://codecov.io/gh/limabrena/power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users) 


A Python 3.9 implementation of the System Model of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle with Non-Orthogonal Multiple Access (UAV-NOMA) System and 2 ground users under considerations of non-ideal conditions, such as imperfect sucessive interference cancelation (SIC) and residual harware impairments (RHI).

Students can study the modeling of a UAV-NOMA network and use it as a basis for implementing other technologies. This application can be used as a study tool to understand the behavior of the achievable rate by two users and the influence of the allocation of power coefficients in a UAV-NOMA system. The communication model presented is a base of UAV-NOMA principles and can be expanded to several other scenarios, such as cooperative systems, full-duplex communication,  and others in order to improve system performance.
		
The user can modify parameters and analyze the system's behavior. Based on this, new methods can be proposed to solve UAV trajectory problems, power allocation, user pairing, energy harvesting for UAV maintenance, decoding order and others.

The package contains functions for calculating the position of the UAV and users, for calculating of the Signal Interference Noise Ratio (SINR) and for performance metrics, such as instantaneous achievable rate and outage probability.


---------------------------------
### Requirement

The implementation requires Python 3.6+ to run.
The following libraries are required:

 - `numpy` 
 - `matplotlib.pyplot`
 - `math`
 - `random`

-------------------------
### How can use this application? 


- Download:

    Cloning the repository via terminal:
	 
		$ git clone https://github.com/limabrena/power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users.git

		
    Download ZIP file directly in my git repository:
	 
	    https://github.com/limabrena/power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users/archive/main.zip
		

The user can simply run it from the downloaded folder, provided the necessary requirements are installed. This is the easiest way for the student to be able to study and modify the system model.

Or the user can install the package as follows:
- Installation:
	
	To install this implementation locally, open the project folder `power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users` in your terminal and run:

		$ pip install . --user
		
	If you modify the `uavnoma.py` in the module, the package must be reinstalled.
	
	 
- Usage: 
    
	To plot the figures via terminal, access the project folder `power-allocation-UAV-NOMA-two-users` and run:
	
		$ python plotFigures.py
		
	or access the project folder from an IDE.
	
----------------
### Documentation

To generate source code documentation, in the folder `pauavnoma` run: 
	
	 pdoc --html --output-dir docs uavnoma.py
		
	 
On the other hand, the documentation can be viewed at:

[Documentation](https://limabrena.github.io/pauavnoma/docs/uavnoma.html)

 
----------------

### Scenario Description


We consider a uplink UAV-aided NOMA network, as illustrated in figure below. 

![System model.](figures/UAV_system_model.png)

In this scenario, a UAV is deployed as an air base station that communicates with two-user $N_1$ and $N_2$.  
For each Monte Carlo sample, users are randomly distributed in a 2D region (x-axis and y-axis). 
While the UAV has a flight path randomly defined at points in a circle, in a 3D region (x-axis, y-axis and z-axis).
We consider that each node is equipped with a single antenna and both UAV and users operate in the half-duplex mode.
The system is inspired on cognitive radio (CR) concept to decode the user's messages.
Based on this, the user $N_1$ is viewed as the primary user and $N_2$ is viewed as secondary user.
In order to guarantee primary user's Quality-of-Service requirements, the UAV first decodes the $N_1$'s message.
Then, the UAV decodes the message from the secondary user $N_2$ without experiencing any performance degradation due to the primary user.

*Example:*

	 $N_1$ may be an Internet of Things (IoT) healthcare device which needs to send health status changes.

	 $N_2$ an IoT device sending personal tasks records, where the transmission is a delay tolerant.

Different levels of power coefficients must be allocated to each user's signal, so that users' QoS requirements are satisfied.


 
-------------------------------
## Performance analysis metrics
The outage probability and achievable rate are used as performance metrics. 

- `Outage Probability:` the outage probability is estimated as the ratio between the number of outage events and 
   the total number of Monte Carlo repetitions. An outage event happens when the supported user data rates for a particular 
   instantaneous channel realization is less than the target data rate. 
   
- `Achievable Rate:` the achievable rate consists of the throughput of network users, while average achievable rate 
   consists of the average throughput of all network users.
   
-------------------------
### Algorithm description


Adaptive power allocation algorithm was not implemented in the present version.
