
# Scenario Description

In our scenario, a UAV is deployed as an air base station that communicates with two users, $N_1$ and $N_2$.
For each Monte Carlo sample, users are randomly distributed in a 2D region ($x$-axis and $y$-axis).
While the UAV has a flight path randomly defined at points in a circle, in a 3D region ($x$-axis, $y$-axis and $z$-axis).
We consider that each node is equipped with a single antenna and both UAV and users operate in the half-duplex mode.
$N_1$ is viewed as the primary user and $N_2$ is viewed as secondary user. On the others words, we assume that the primary user has priority to meet their quality of service requirements because they have the worst channel conditions.
In order to guarantee primary user's Quality-of-Service requirements, the UAV first decodes the $N_1$'s message.
Then, the UAV decodes the message from the secondary user $N_2$ without experiencing any performance degradation due to the primary user.

*Example:*

> $N_1$ may be an Internet of Things (IoT) healthcare device which needs to send health status changes.
>
> $N_2$ an IoT device sending personal tasks records, where the transmission is a delay tolerant.

Different levels of power coefficients must be allocated to each user's signal, so that users' QoS requirements are satisfied.

## Performance analysis metrics

The outage probability and achievable rate are used as performance metrics.

- `Outage Probability:` the outage probability is estimated as the ratio between the number of outage events and the total number of Monte Carlo repetitions. An outage event happens when the supported user data rates for a particular instantaneous channel realization is less than the target data rate.
- `Achievable Rate:` the achievable rate consists of the throughput of network users, while average achievable rate consists of the average throughput of all network users.

We consider the Rician distribution to model the fading model considering line-of-sight.
If the Rician Factor `K=0`, fading is similar to Rayleigh's.

## Description of the Simulation Parameters

- `monte_carlo_samples` (integer) : Monte Carlo Samples.
- `number_user` (integer) : number of users (in our case, two users).
- `number_uav`(integer) : number of UAV  (in our case, single uav).
- `snr_dB` (array of integer, size[10:2:51]) : signal-to-noise ratio in dB.
- `path_loss` (float) : path loss exponent.
- `power_los` (float) : total power of LOS path & scattered paths.
- `rician_factor` (integer) : Rician Factor.
- `target_rate_primary_user` (float) : target rate in bits/s/Hertz of primary users.
- `target_rate_secondary_user` (float) : target rate in bits/s/Hertz of secondary users.
- `radius_uav` (float) : radius in meter of fly trajectory UAV.
- `radius_user` (float) : radius of the cell of users in meters.
- `uav_heigth_mean`(float) : Average UAV flight height
- `distance`(array of float, size(N_users)) : distance between UAV and n-th user randomly calculated for each Monte Carlo sample.
- `power_coeff_primary` (float) : power coefficient allocated to the Primary user.
- `power_coeff_secondary` (float) : power coefficient allocated to the Secondary user.
- `small_scale_fading` (complex number) : channel coefficients for each user generated by Rician distribution. This can be generated randomly using: `np.sqrt((np.random.normal(s,sigma)**2) + 1j*(np.random.normal(0,sigma)**2))`.
- `large_scale_fading` (float): large scale fading
- `s` (float) : Non-Centrality Parameter (mean) of Rician distribution, obtained by `s=sqrt(rician_factor/(rician_factor+1)*power_los)`.
- `sigma` (float) : Standard deviation of Rician distribution, obtained by `sigma = power_los/sqrt(2*(rician_factor+1))`.
- `h_n` (array of float, size(N_users)) : channel coefficients over small_scale_fading and large scale fading.
- `channel_primary` (float) : channel gain of the primary user.
- `channel_secondary` (float) : channel gain of the secondary user.
- `hardw_ip`(float) : Residual Hardware Impairment coefficient.
- `sic_ip` (float) : Sucessice Interference Cancelation coefficient.
